STY: update standard based on ecosystem (#48)
pysat/pysatCDAAC: CONTRIBUTING.md

appreciated!  pysat and pysatCDAAC are community-driven projects that
welcome both feedback and contributions.

Come join us on Slack! An invitation to the pysat workspace is available
in the 'About' section of the
[pysat GitHub Repository.](https://github.com/pysat/pysat) Development meetings
are generally held fortnightly.

Short version
-------------

* Submit bug reports, feature requests, and questions at
`GitHub Issues <https://github.com/pysat/pysatCDAAC/issues>`_

* Make pull requests to the ``develop`` branch

Bug reports
-----------

When [reporting a bug](https://github.com/pysat/pysatNASA/issues) please
include:

* Your operating system name and version

* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting

* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug

Feature requests and feedback
-----------------------------

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at

> [GitHub](https://github.com/pysat/pysatNASA/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitHub](https://github.com/pysat/pysatCDAAC/issues).
```

To set up `pysatCDAAC` for local development:

1. [Fork pysatCDAAC on GitHub](https://github.com/pysat/pysatCDAAC/fork)

2. Clone your fork locally::

  ```
    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pysatCDAAC.git
  ```

3. Create a branch for local development::

  ```
    git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
  ```

  Now you can make your changes locally.

  Tests for new instruments are performed automatically.  See discussion
  [here](https://pysat.readthedocs.io/en/main/new_instrument.html#testing-support)
  for more information on triggering these standard tests.

  Tests for custom functions should be added to the appropriately named file

>   in ``pysatNASA/tests``.  For example, custom functions for the OMNI HRO data

Author: good catch. There are some custom tests there, so I pointed to it anyway

>   in ``pysatNASA/tests``.  For example, custom functions for the OMNI HRO data
>   are tested in ``pysatNASA/tests/test_omni_hro.py``.  If no test file exists,

Author: ```suggestion
  in ``pysatCDAAC/tests``.  For example, custom instrument functions are
  tested in ``pysatCDAAC/tests/test_instruments.py``.  If no test file exists,
```
